
# General problems solving 
    - Always have a plan
            This is perhaps the most important rule. You must always have a plan, rather
            than engaging in directionless activity.

            Without a plan, you are simply hoping for a lucky break, the equivalent
            of the randomly typing monkey producing one of the plays of Shakespeare.
            Lucky breaks are uncommon, and those that occur may still require a plan.

            Planning also allows you to set intermediate goals and achieve them.
            Without a plan, you have only one goal: solve the whole problem. Until you
            have solved the problem, you won’t feel you have accomplished anything
    
    - Restate the Problem 
            Restating a problem is like circling the base of a hill that you must
            climb; before starting your climb, why not check out the hill from every angle
            to see whether there’s an easier way up?


    - Divide the Problem
            Finding a way to divide a problem into steps or phases can make the problem
            much easier.

            For example, a section of code that employs a series of if statements inside a 
            while loop that is itself inside a for loop will be more difficult to write—and 
            to read—than a section of code that employs all those same control statements 
            sequentially.

    - Start with what you know 

    - Reduce the problem
            when faced with a problem you are unable to solve, you
            reduce the scope of the problem, by either adding or removing constraints,
            to produce a problem that you do know how to solve.

    - Look for Analogies
            An analogy, for our purposes, is a similarity between a current problem and a
            problem already solved that can be exploited to help solve the current problem.
            The similarity may take many forms. Sometimes it means the two problems
            are really the same problem.

    - Experiment
            Sometimes the best way to make progress is to try things and observe the
            results. Note that experimentation is not the same as guessing.

            You hypothesize what will happen when certain code is executed, try it out, and 
            see whether your hypothesis is correct. From these observations, you gain 
            information that will help you solve the original problem.
        
    - Don’t Get Frustrated
            The final technique isn’t so much a technique, but a maxim: Don’t get frustrated. 
            When you are frustrated, you won’t think as clearly, you won’t work as
            efficiently, and everything will take longer and seem harder. Even worse,
            frustration tends to feed on itself, so that what begins as mild irritation ends
            as outright anger.